[ENH] move definition of raw and derivatives datasets to common principles (#1815)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/derivatives/introduction.md

# BIDS Derivatives

[Derivatives datasets](../glossary.md#derivative-common_principles) are outputs of common processing pipelines,
capturing data and meta-data sufficient for a researcher
to understand and (critically) reuse those outputs in subsequent processing.
Standardizing derivatives is motivated by use cases where formalized
machine-readable access to processed data enables higher-level processing.

The following sections cover additions to and divergences from [raw BIDS datasets](../glossary.md#raw-common_principles).

> [Raw BIDS datasets](../glossary.md#raw-common_principles) are data that have been curated into BIDS from a non-BIDS source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Raw BIDS datasets](../glossary.md#raw-common_principles) are data that have been curated into BIDS from one or more of non-BIDS sources.
```
